  The TGBACK (a.k.a) TelegramBackup is a simple CMD app
  that was created in response to the strange Telegram
  behaviour: to sign-in your account you *should* have
  an access to a phone number (SIM card) it linked. If you
  will lost your SIM, then you lost your Telegram account.

  This (seems to me a) problem can be fixed in a three ways:
      1. You can make an extra log-in on your other device
      2. You can backup TelegramDesktop's TDATA folder (Google it)
      3. You can use TGBACK, and it will save & encrypt session

  If any session (device logged-in) is linked to your
  account, then you will receive a login code from the
  official Telegram userbot. If you have Telegram on
  more than one device, then you don't need TGBACK.

  [HOW IT WORKS]

  In short, this app will sign-in to your account as
  new device (see Settings -> Devices in Telegram
  if you don't understand what it is) and will save
  session in encrypted (by your password) form to
  file with a '.tgback' extension. You can use it
  later to change phone number linked to your account
  or get last messages from the Telegram userbot, so
  you can receive a login code and enter your Telegram.

  In addition to the encrypted '.tgback' file you will
  receive QR code with the same encrypted session if
  QR features was installed during the TGBACK built. You
  can save either QR or '.tgback' file, or even both.

  You will need to *refresh your backup* every three
  months, so Telegram will not disconnect it due
  inactivity. In fact, this should be determined by
  the 'If inactive for...' under the 'Terminate old
  sessions' setting in Telegram. However, i code it
  in a way that you will get reminder every three
  months. I believe this is a safe trade-off.

!!! WARNING !!!

  We will save data that is enough to gain
  A FULL ACCESS TO YOUR TELEGRAM ACCOUNT!!

  While the developer DOESN'T transfer any of your
  private data (sources: bit.ly/tgback) other people
  can make app from codebase that will do bad things.

  Please note that connected TGBACK session SHOULDN'T
  be active/online from time you refreshed it. If you
  found some suspicious activity then IMMEDIATELY
  disconnect it!! This can be easily done via TGBACK/Telegram
  (Settings->Devices->Select TGBACK Session->Disconnect)

  Get the .EXE files or build ONLY from official sources:
      1. https://github.com/NotStatilko/tgback
      2. https://t.me/nontgback (dev. channel)

  Use STRONG passwords. This app programmed in a way
  that for any password generation attempt you will
  need to give a 1GB of RAM for about a second-two,
  so it's VERY hard to bruteforce, but still possible.
  An author ISN'T a professional crypto-man, so be
  careful. If YOU found ANY vulnerability then please
  CONTACT ME on GitHub OR message thenonproton@pm.me

  There wasn't any security-related reports up to
  this day. Use TGBACK wisely.


 % by NotStatilko (also see NonProjects! :), 2024.
